Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the functionality to sign up sellers.
Okay.
And that to do this, we have to head up to the London cellar screen and what we can do, we can use
control and beta, make this wide.
And instead of having this code over here, we can just cut it off.
Okay, it's control and see to copy and then backspace to delete.
Okay.
And for the now we can just create a function of a void and we can call this function sign up.
And we can just go ahead and easily try and catch block to check and catch any errors.
And we tend to try.
I'm going to paste this code and use control and it has to save.
And remember what you are basically saying if.
The form key that current state dot is valid.
If the form is valid, then Olie wants to print all this to the debug console.
But what we can do, we can just get rid of this.
And if the form is valid, we first of all want to use the async since we are going to be using the
it.
If it is valid, then we want to await and.
Over here.
We can just create a queue.
Already have this odd controller.
Sorry.
I think this is for the.
Class.
Right.
So we need finer and firebase.
Parts.
And we can call this on the score.
Trapezoids are not.
On the score card, so it won't get confusing with this.
We can just say fabulous art and it goes to is firebase art that it stands right.
Okay dot instance.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can then say.
I wait underscore firebase.
For what that word does.
It creates user with email and password, and you can see it automatically pass this variable via the
email and it automatically passed the password as well.
And over here we need to add a semicolon.
Now the next step is to store the image.
Right.
But we're just going to do that later.
Then we can just go ahead and store the the input of the user.
Right.
To do that, we have to then wait again.
But before then, we have to import firebase.
Right.
Okay, we'll buy it.
We can then say fine.
And our base.
Five years faster.
Yes.
And on the score, you can just call this on the score.
Five days and it's close to five days faster.
Okay.
And.
And now we can.
Over.
Over or over.
Where?
So I think I can look over you and we can do it again.
And then cor underscore firebase.
Five is for a store.
Sorry.
The score.
Five ways.
Or we could have just copy that code we have over there.
It's basically the same thing.
I just want to show you this one more time.
Firebase underscore dot watch dot collection and the name of the collection is going to be sales and
those words.
The short doc because each seller is going to be connected to the seller's collection and for the connection.
We can call the.
Documents underscore Firebase Odds to get the current logged in user.
Dodds What does connect the dots UID and why?
We need a no check.
And now we can then say dot set is basically asking us for the fields we need.
Okay.
The first field we need is going to be the cell ID.
So what we can just say, we can just spec this in full seller ID and this is going to be.
This is going to be what this is going to be on underscore firebase or you can just store the results
and we can just store all this because create or we can just go ahead and use the firebase art that.
Client is a that's uid.
Okay.
What's in the order?
Customer section where we created the customer functionality to sign up users.
We store the results in.
They're available.
You can see via the fabulous art where you can see all the scores created there with a password.
And what we basically did was to create a variable called create and restore whatever results we're
going to have over here.
And we're basically using the create.
So it's basically the same results both we give us the forbis art.
We also do give us the correct log, the user uid.
So that is why we are using this way.
But you can basically just copy all this is the same thing.
Okay.
Just that we are using another approach.
Sorry.
Cancel and back to the seller London seller screen.
And the other field we need is going to be the store name.
The full name of the user of the seller is going to serve as the store name.
Or probably we could just rename this to store name or this is just okay.
But in the database we're going to say this as the store name.
Store name.
Sorry.
And for the store name is going to be the name, right?
And we need the train to come over here.
I'm just going to check.
I think we call this.
What?
We called it full name.
So.
That was why it was undefined.
And the other field we need is what?
The address of the user.
And currently we are living it.
We don't really need the address for the for the seller.
We just we can just go ahead with it and leave it empty for now.
And the other food we need is.
You can just do this right after.
Here is the email of the seller.
Email.
And I think that is the only fields we need.
Email for name.
That is the store name and this and this.
Okay.
That should be all for now.
We can just use control and save.
And over here, we need to call that function.
Right.
Call the function.
And sign.
Up.
Okay.
And use control and save.
And can then try this out.
We do not really need to pick an image for now because we've not had it.
We have not had that any validation check for that.
So we can just go ahead and.
They say the store name is going to be Mark Sharp.
And the email address is going to show up at G.M. dot com.
This calm.
Dot com and the password is going to be G-a-y esque.
Hopefully the password is correct and we can then click on sign up.
We have not added any modern spinner for now and we can just check out seminar to see what is going
on there.
Okay.
Hopefully that's been successfully created.
We can just refresh this.
And see.
Okay.
Who fully knew errors.
We should have a new collection called users.
Okay.
Sorry.
Called.
As you can see, we have this new collection called Sellers and the address email the seller uid the
store name.
Right.
This is good.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.